#469: Added new FAQ entries related to Kerberos connection (#470)
exasol/virtual-schemas: doc/user-guide/faq.md

## Kerberos Connection Issues

### Kerberos Configuration File Domain Realm

Ensure that the Kerberos, `krb5.conf`, file is correct.

Check that the domain realms are correct after the assignment (`=`) sign. They should be specified in all capital letters. They should not include starting dot (`.`) character after the assignment.

Wrong configuration file example:

```ini
...

[domain_realm]
.zone1.example.net = zone1.example.net
zone1.example.net = zone1.example.net
.example.net = .EXAMPLE.net
example.net = EXAMPLE.net
.exampl-dev.net = .EXAMPLE-DEV.NET
exampl-dev.net = EXAMPLE-DEV.NET
```

Correct configuration file example:

```ini
...

[domain_realm]
.zone1.example.net = ZONE1.EXAMPLE.NET
zone1.example.net = ZONE1.EXAMPLE.NET
.example.net = EXAMPLE.net
example.net = EXAMPLE.net
.example-dev.net = EXAMPLE-DEV.NET
example-dev.net = EXAMPLE-DEV.NET
```

### Kerberos Configuration File Included Directories

Ensure that Kerberos configuration file, `krb5.conf` does not contain any included directories with additional settings. All Kerberos settings should be available in the `krb5.conf` configuration file.

> This can cause problems when using Virtual Schema together with Kerberos connection, because included directories does not exist in the UDF container.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This can cause problems when using Virtual Schema together with Kerberos connection, because included directories do not exist in the UDF container.
```

Wrong configuration file example:

```ini
includedir /etc/krb5.conf.d/

[logging]
default = FILE:/var/log/krb5libs.log
kdc = FILE:/var/log/krb5kdc.log
admin_server = FILE:/var/log/kadmind.log

[libdefaults]
default_realm = ZONE1.EXAMPLE.NET
dns_lookup_kdc = false
dns_lookup_realm = false

...
```

> The includedir folder contains a file with a setting, `udp_preference_limit = 1`. Add such settings into the `libdefaults` section in `krb5.conf` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `includedir` folder contains a file with a setting, `udp_preference_limit = 1`. Add such settings into the `libdefaults` section in `krb5.conf` file.
```

Correct configuration file example:

```ini
[logging]
default = FILE:/var/log/krb5libs.log
kdc = FILE:/var/log/krb5kdc.log
admin_server = FILE:/var/log/kadmind.log

[libdefaults]
default_realm = ZONE1.EXAMPLE.NET
dns_lookup_kdc = false
dns_lookup_realm = false
udp_preference_limit = 1

...
```

And then create a connection object using the modified Kerberos configuration file.

### Kerberos with Zookeeper

In Virtual Schema Kerberos connections, users can also use Zookeeper as service discovery for Hive or Impala servers. Zookeeper balances the connections or avoids single point of failure for Hive or Impala servers.

> In this cases, set the `KrbHostFQDN` property to `_HOST` value. This removes hardcoded server address and uses connection addresses provided from Zookeeper.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this cases, set the `KrbHostFQDN` property to `_HOST` value. This removes hardcoded server addresses and uses connection addresses provided by Zookeeper.
```
